c:\users\scauser1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Research\Research.Test\bin\Debug\Research.Test.exe
c:\users\scauser1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Research\Research.Test\bin\Debug\Research.Test.pdb
c:\users\scauser1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Research\Research.Test\obj\Debug\Research.Test.exe
c:\users\scauser1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Research\Research.Test\obj\Debug\Research.Test.pdb
c:\users\scauser1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Research\Research.Test\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
c:\users\scauser1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Research\Research.Test\bin\Debug\Research.Test.exe.config
c:\users\scauser1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Research\Research.Test\bin\Debug\DevReactor.Toolbox.Tools.dll
c:\users\scauser1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Research\Research.Test\obj\Debug\Research.Test.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\scauser1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Research\Research.Test\bin\Debug\config\common.config
c:\users\scauser1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Research\Research.Test\bin\Debug\config\db.config
c:\users\scauser1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Research\Research.Test\bin\Debug\config\log\log4net.console.config
c:\users\scauser1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Research\Research.Test\bin\Debug\DevReactor.Toolbox.BO.dll
c:\users\scauser1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Research\Research.Test\bin\Debug\Research.BO.dll
c:\users\scauser1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Research\Research.Test\bin\Debug\Research.BO.pdb
c:\users\scauser1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Research\Research.Test\bin\Debug\DevReactor.Toolbox.Encrypting.dll
c:\users\scauser1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Research\Research.Test\bin\Debug\MaxMind.Db.dll
c:\users\scauser1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Research\Research.Test\bin\Debug\MaxMind.GeoIP2.dll
c:\users\scauser1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Research\Research.Test\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\scauser1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Research\Research.Test\bin\Debug\Oracle.ManagedDataAccess.dll
c:\users\scauser1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Research\Research.Test\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
c:\users\scauser1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Research\Research.Test\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
c:\users\scauser1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Research\Research.Test\bin\Debug\MaxMind.Db.xml
c:\users\scauser1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Research\Research.Test\bin\Debug\MaxMind.GeoIP2.xml
c:\users\scauser1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Research\Research.Test\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\scauser1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Research\Research.Test\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
C:\Users\scauser1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Research\Research.Test\bin\Debug\Research.Logic.dll
C:\Users\scauser1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Research\Research.Test\bin\Debug\Research.Logic.pdb
C:\_\Research\Research.Test\bin\Debug\Research.Test.exe.config
C:\_\Research\Research.Test\obj\Debug\Research.Test.exe
C:\_\Research\Research.Test\obj\Debug\Research.Test.pdb
C:\_\Research\Research.Test\bin\Debug\config\common.config
C:\_\Research\Research.Test\bin\Debug\config\db.config
C:\_\Research\Research.Test\bin\Debug\config\log\log4net.console.config
C:\_\Research\Research.Test\bin\Debug\Research.Test.exe
C:\_\Research\Research.Test\bin\Debug\Research.Test.pdb
C:\_\Research\Research.Test\bin\Debug\DevReactor.Toolbox.BO.dll
C:\_\Research\Research.Test\bin\Debug\DevReactor.Toolbox.Encrypting.dll
C:\_\Research\Research.Test\bin\Debug\DevReactor.Toolbox.Tools.dll
C:\_\Research\Research.Test\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
C:\_\Research\Research.Test\bin\Debug\MaxMind.Db.dll
C:\_\Research\Research.Test\bin\Debug\MaxMind.GeoIP2.dll
C:\_\Research\Research.Test\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\_\Research\Research.Test\bin\Debug\Oracle.ManagedDataAccess.dll
C:\_\Research\Research.Test\bin\Debug\Research.BO.dll
C:\_\Research\Research.Test\bin\Debug\Research.Logic.dll
C:\_\Research\Research.Test\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
C:\_\Research\Research.Test\bin\Debug\Research.BO.pdb
C:\_\Research\Research.Test\bin\Debug\Research.Logic.pdb
C:\_\Research\Research.Test\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
C:\_\Research\Research.Test\bin\Debug\MaxMind.Db.xml
C:\_\Research\Research.Test\bin\Debug\MaxMind.GeoIP2.xml
C:\_\Research\Research.Test\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\_\Research\Research.Test\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
C:\_\Research\Research.Test\obj\Debug\Research.Test.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\_\Research\Research.Test\bin\Debug\DevReactor.Toolbox.API.dll
